As we work through class remotely (hey, at least no more commuting!),
And we learn to talk on Zoom (please don't forget about the muting!),
Let's first have a little fun before the code starts executing.
Please enjoy this crowd-sourced poem about Statistical Computing:

This isn't "twitch writes a poem", but just as good.
I hope you're all ready to maximize some likelihoods!

After teaching us R, I hope you are understood.
After the course is finished, I hope I finished as much work as I could. 

The boredom has set in and the anxiety is growing.
Let's hope they diminish as we begin coding. 

Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary...
Just kidding I'm not Poe, now to program in R I go!

R you, oh R you as ready as I am to be out of quarantine? 
On the bright side, perhaps we'll come out of this shiny and well, with an extra shiny app to spare. 

Quarantine got you down?
A little statistical computing can flip that frown! 🤓

As we begin class ensuring our robust programming skills don't taper
I really hope none of you run out of toliet paper!!

Hoping that this situation doesn't become too much more dire
So I guess I'll wait it out sitting and coding by the fire

I really enjoy ggplot. 
It makes me smile, quite a lot.

People may think that using R is hard, 
And they are right! It will leave you scarred!

Wait you mean we still have class?
Well at least we aren't learning SAS!

If all of us try our very hardest. 
I'm sure that not one of our grades will appear tarnished. 

Oh well, at least it is still Spring,
Let's enjoy the warm weather it is sure to bring!

Sitting in my hometown, not in SLO, crying,
I can't really focus on my work, but I swear I'm trying!

Chilling on github listening to Thundercat
We've got a class poem, now I'm up to bat

Oh no, what has the world become, 
COSAM studs are writing poems for fun

do the r, do it well
mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell

Thanks for letting me join this class as a guest,
I can already tell, this course is the best!

I've never done this before,
Looking forward to learning more!

This quarantine is so boring 
I am beginning to have fun by coding!

The sun is shining and here we are
Sitting indoors and learning R

lying on my bed still stuck in quarantine,
learning about R with code on my machine

I have been doing homework for a while
The last thing I can do is smile

Statistics poems are cheesy
But R makes quarantine easy

My coding skills may not be the best,
But please will you except my pull request? 

Thankfully this class is not on Zoom,
Because I would rather code than be in a fake classroom

Now the only person I talk to is my dog, 
Good lord this quarter is going to be such a slog

This whole situation is so bizarre and odd,
But I can't wait to come back to SLO and hang with my squad!

I have completely lost the will to shower,
When my family walks past me they scour.

Never thought I would write a poem on Github,
I guess I'm a part of a special club

Coding in R can be seen as poetry
You'd be crazy not to agree!

Enjoy Stat 431
Oh! enrich your skill everyone

Keep alive your passions !
Enjoy every second of your time after this special time frame of human history
